# Cross-Chain-DDNS-Registry

If you are reading this, you have decided, as have I,  that having a cross-chain descentralized domain name registry would benefit the world in ways we have yet to fathom.   Having the ability to own your own web3 domain name and the possibility of having the ability to utilize your domain across multiple blockchains as well as having that ellusive connection between web2 and web3 be real and not just an conversation.  As of now its an idea.  we have utilized in some forms, connections to the web2, but we have yet to complete that connection at a level that would allow anyone on web2 to seamlessly dive into the darkside without any redtape.  A theory and something that keeps some of us up all night searching for that line of code that might be found on githu, written by someone who has no clue they have solved a years long race to the finish.  To be the one who has solved one of the hardest coding issues of the 3rd web.  Seamless data transfer and domain name propegation that is cross-webs (2 to 3 and 3 to 2), allowing the browser made for web2, to surf web3 without any extra things to install by the end user. A magic gateway that up til now requires the user to either pay someone to code the half  This would also allow .  How do we do this?  How do we secure it?  How do we bridge the gaps between web2 and web3 all while keeping the system stable, secure and decentralized?  I am sure im not the only person here on github sitting up late with code flying around my head, drowning in github searches for that unicorn line of code hiding in the corner.
